README.md, before:

# college-application-ulbs
Application for school (kind of a booking)
English
This is an application which will work as a booking apartments site.
List with hotels.
Possibility to book now a room/apartment by completing a form.
List with prices.
Showing available.
Showing more details to user.
Contact informations.
Creating a database with information/available rooms/apartments, sending data and receiving new reservations when people submit a form.
Sync with a table displayed on site.
Mobile-first design. (site responsive will be displayed in different forms relative to the width)



Romanian
Aceasta este o aplicatie care va functiona ca si un site de inchiriat apartamente.
Lista cu hotelurile.
Posibilitate de inchiriere a unei/unui camere/apartament in urma completarii unui chestionar.
Lista cu preturile.
Arata disponibilitatea.
Arata mai multe detalii la client.
Informatii de contact.
Cream o baza de date cu informatii/ camere/apartmanente disponibile, trimite si primesti informatia de la noile rezervari cand cineva completeaza un formular.
Sincronizare cu un tabel care va afisat pe site.
Designul principal va fi pentru mobil, el fiind totodata si adaptabil la marimea paginii.






What to think
-Name for application: AirULBS
-LOGO for the name->
-Title: New Year's Eve Vacation


-Adding SASS functionality
*****
_creating variables for properties
_creating breakpoints using in media querries   
_HOW TO CREATE A BURGER MENU

Commit message:

Update all project
Create a footer
FInish styling for mobile and desktop for what I Have

README.md, after:

# college-application-ulbs
Application for school (kind of a booking)
English
This is an application which will work as a booking apartments site.
List with hotels.
Possibility to book now a room/apartment by completing a form.
List with prices.
Showing available.
Showing more details to user.
Contact informations.
Creating a database with information/available rooms/apartments, sending data and receiving new reservations when people submit a form.
Sync with a table displayed on site.
Mobile-first design. (site responsive will be displayed in different forms relative to the width)



Romanian
Aceasta este o aplicatie care va functiona ca si un site de inchiriat apartamente.
Lista cu hotelurile.
Posibilitate de inchiriere a unei/unui camere/apartament in urma completarii unui chestionar.
Lista cu preturile.
Arata disponibilitatea.
Arata mai multe detalii la client.
Informatii de contact.
Cream o baza de date cu informatii/ camere/apartmanente disponibile, trimite si primesti informatia de la noile rezervari cand cineva completeaza un formular.
Sincronizare cu un tabel care va afisat pe site.
Designul principal va fi pentru mobil, el fiind totodata si adaptabil la marimea paginii.




-Using a version control system GITHUB to upload the code 
https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/github-flow

What to think
-Name for application: AirULBS
-LOGO for the name->
-Title: New Year's Eve Vacation


-Adding ICONS to project 
_creating a link to connect with Font Awesome site and adding in the <head> of the project
https://fontawesome.com/icons/bars?s=solid&f=classic


-SASS
_Adding SASS functionality
_creating variables for properties
_creating breakpoints using in media querries   
https://sass-lang.com/documentation/modules/math
https://www.educative.io/answers/how-to-use-sass-in-your-html-code


-How to create a BURGER MENU
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/tryit.asp?filename=tryhow_js_topnav
